Mention our roadmap in README (#693)
Shopify/ruby-lsp: README.md

[Contributor Covenant](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
code of conduct.

> If you wish to contribute, see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for development instructions and checkout our pinned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to contribute, see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for development instructions and check out our pinned
```
